Add api.mailgun.net as part of domain allowing list (#1251)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/reference/domain-allowlist/index.md

    - domains:
        - `api.cloudflare.com`
    - cert-manager may create ACME challenge DNS records.
- api.mailgun.net
    - domains:
      - `api.mailgun.net` 

>     - This is the mail service we use to send the invites for our UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This is the mail service we use to send the invites for our Rest API user accounts.
```

    - domains:
        - `api.cloudflare.com`
    - cert-manager may create ACME challenge DNS records.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
